Charlie, you have certainly obviously a big question.
The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that nickels are entitled to equal facilities on railroad
batting cars and apparent title to age.
Legal education and personal philosophy have offered by the state's decisions about
the race.
The first mentioned case was against the Southern Railroad.
The other ruling cases originated in Texas in North New York and had to deal with the
lawsuit for those states.
Charlie, the Supreme Court is very careful in the opinion that they still held to the
southern railroads case.
They were maintaining the top in the separate political facilities.
And I'm the proof and spars.
The university cases are concerned was that they were not getting equal facilities so that
those two cases are not quite as important as the railroad case.
In the Southern Railroad case, they were still said that they were maintaining the top
in the separate political facilities.
But frankly, I find it very hard on facts to see how there's much less in the substance
like that in the past.
It looked like the person involved was getting the same facilities, the same price, the same
maintenance.
So as we are in this situation, this case doesn't need very much to the substance like the
top in the Supreme Court still verbally stands back.
So at least there's going to have to be a great deal of litigation to see just what
the Supreme Court did mean.
Well on Monday also the press ensigned into lower bill authorizing the expenditure of slightly
more than $3 billion for foreign economic assistance.
Included in that program was $35 million to assist in the development of factored areas
of the world.
This is just the beginning, of course, of the President's program for a great international cooperative
enterprise by the achievement of a world of peace, freedom and a better economy.
The bill signed by the President is merely the authorization.
No funds have a judgment appropriate.
This is a significant step in our foreign relations.
With the exception of the point for programs, all of our other foreign aid programs are of emergency
nature and are therefore temperate.
The point for program on the other hand is long range in its scope and was to let a file of temporary
gains made by the Marshall program and other programs and introduced a initiative and free
enterprise to expand the world's economy.
That is at least the intention of it.
In no better way could we promote freedom and the muscles.
Probably the first step will be the provision of technical assistance to underpiction of
America, no matter how modernized and developed region.
In other words, we will have technical missions to battle and teach people how to help themselves.
Some of this work will be done through the United Nations organization, some through agreements
with other national governments and some through five organizations already so engaged.
Eventually, they've made support of this effort must come from five itself to the long-erased
places.
It is going to be successful.
If the effort to induce private enterprise to invest in fact with areas is successful, we will
achieve a new ideal in foreign aid and some relief for the collective pocketbook of the American
people.
How do you consider this a new idea?
Do you think you're another, or do you think you're the best at everything?
It is new and novel, Charlie, because it is a business-like investment by private enterprise
for a profit as opposed to the British idea of a colonial empire.
It will require a lot of energy and a lot of good faith, but if point four is successful,
we will have obtained much and will have had something to hold on to after the martial
program expires.
Well, of course, Charlie, there is no certainty about it, but the forthcoming concept is to
the effect that no tax bill will be considered before adjournment.
Everybody is trying to get a adjourned here in Congress about July 31st.
At this moment, the House Ways and Means Committee, which, as you know, must initiate all
the tax legislation in Congress, hasn't completed the job of writing a bill.
The thinking of some of the leaders of the program here in the Senate seems to be that it will
be impossible for the Senate to complete action on this measure.
At this Congress, unless it appears a house by the first of July, it didn't prepare the
new tax bill.
So, I have to admit that we were working in that.
Yes, if I remember correctly, the President recommended that some 650 million in such taxes
be eliminated.
But he recommended also that the Congress make up the resulting deficit in revenue from other
sources.
So, the implication is clear that the President may be expected to be fully exposed to tax
repeals unless the deficiency is divided for elsewhere.
Well, I understand unofficially that the Committee is at the 800 million mark and the PO-118
is the terrible face of retail and at the 800 million gap is closed before the repeal reaches
the House by now.
I regret that the President placed this condition on his recommendation.
The war is over and these exercises should be either repealed outright and most instances
are substantial reviews.
It hits the pocket books of too many people who are finding it hard enough already to make
ends meet.
At the same time, I am proposing some of the loopholes and various revenue statutes as the
President recommends.
I don't think they will be able to put the two together.
The first place, Charlie, this is a good demonstration of our democracies, differences of opinion,
honest differences, too, I think.
But the distinguishing difference lies in the fact that one default is real listiques,
other is idealistic.
And they may undistarm and plan without the world's arm and preview.
Of course, nothing would please me more than a workable plan for worldwide disarmament and the
expenditure of more funds to advance the cause of the lasting peace.
But I'm in shock, this agreement was centered in MacMahon and the 10 other members of Congress
as to the wisdom of such a proposal at this time.
As one of my colleagues, the Secretary-General of the last recent said, to have vision is
nothing that could put on rose colored glasses and blinkers to prove there's another.
If we were to look at this tree, we will see that the difficulty caused by the idealistic
proposal when our blinkers blinded us to reality.
After the First World War, we entered into a disarmament plan with Japan.
In World War II, Japan had a nearly tragic, maybe naval advantage.
I demobilization followed in the recent World War was to rapidly rapid.
And as a result, we have been under pressure from the coming of the past five years.
I had to think what the other democracies in the world would think if we suddenly lived through
our leadership without warning or with warning for that matter.
Whether or not they wanted that way, Russia's majesty's power with imperialistic notion
then not overflowing the democracies of the world.
So long as Soviet Russia is ruled by the communist, now in power, we would be entering into
a national suicide act to agree to any disarmament approach.
Immediately, we would power trade a Russian country.
As General Marshall said Wednesday, the city of Putin is the worst thing we can do.
The violent rallies render ourselves in Putin's worst.
I the older one is for goals, but this is the time for reality.
While with extreme pleasure, Charlie, each year the Southern Agustosalist,
which recently combined with the magazine Farm and Rans at the Nashville,
the head office, the lecture Young Man and the Young Woman as winners of the rural life contest.
Now what's the end of this no-brake column?
The associate editor of the magazine has these two winners here in Washington and here in our studio at this time.
This column at the pleasure of have you and how these blended rural leaders as guests.
And will you present the young lady who's with you?
Hello, I'm having a wonderful time.
Well, thank you, George, and Mrs. Nobby's column.
I appreciate the opportunity of presenting the four-way winner in the rural life contest.
The Sunday Young Man from the Cheater County State University,
Pauline Bluff.
Pauline Bluff, the winner of the annual holiday contest.
Hello, I'm having a wonderful time.
Well, thank you, George, and Mrs. Nobby's column.
I appreciate the opportunity of presenting the four-way winner in the rural life contest.
The Sunday Young Man from the Cheater County State University, Pauline Bluff.
Pauline County is honored as the new one this contest.
Will you tell us where you live?
Pauline, will you tell us what the contest is and what George is all about?
Good time kimse.
Hope you can go out and do your best.
Well, what subject was you after your own time?
Actually, I'm not a member of the forum, but the first part.
I'm special in arts.
But I'm a good woman going to work for the city of New Zealand.
I'm a wonderful woman.
I'm about to be a great young woman.
I'm about to be a great fermenter.
You have to be a great fermenter.
I don't think you're a great fermenter.
That's my first time.
Well, how about another young farmer?
Do you think the TVA unit sets for a bit?
It's worth my life.
I'm about to be a great fermenter.
It's called a farm.
Well, howling is there.
It's very good to have you and George Wooden on this occasion.
I remember the last year that they just told him how the two winners.
I think that you won the Alabama and the other ones in North Carolina.
They had a great time in Washington and New York.
I know that you and George,
and you are the first of many talented New Yorkers and here in Washington.
And George having our over-years lunch was beyond yesterday.
It's the time you must start a number of hungers and you're in Tennessee.
I didn't want to say Charlie also that one thing that 40's time off,
that I like started the I had to close the office,
and a humble and valid postage and meeting of not-examination kind of things.
The first meeting was to get together with people who were empty-years in the various communities
and kind of things and puppies.
And the interest of having the humble and valid is all about the kind of things that are valid.
The enthusiasm that this meeting was most inspired.
It was also very heartening to time there,
many public officials, members of the county court,
and others who previously had been against including the humble and valid in the CDA.
But because of the increased power demand of that section of the country,
it's actually lost the tendency and some puppies to make the biggest possible contribution
to the defense of our nation.
We found that many of these leaders had changed their mind about the matter
and are now all in favor of having humble and developed through its greatest full-centrality
and by the Tennessee Valley of Florida.
I hope that we can keep up this enthusiasm,
and if we do, we're going to get to build a path.
I thought we would sign off for it.
There you are.
So, I was certainly in good, right in the year, and that's right over on the subway now.
And I don't know.
I'll put it around and then I want to have a little bit of this.